OSDOCS-5265: Greenboot for MicroShift (#55833)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-greenboot-pre-rollback-log.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_running applications/microshift-greenboot.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-greenboot-access-pre-rollback-check_{context}"]
= Accessing pre-rollback health check output in the system log

> You can access the output of health check scripts in the system log. For example, to check the results of a pre-rollback script, use the following procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the output of health check scripts in the system log. For example, to check the results of a prerollback script, use the following procedure.
```

.Procedure

> * To access the results of a pre-rollback script, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: This information should go in the RHEL docs https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/composing_installing_and_managing_rhel_for_edge_images/managing-rhel-for-edge-images_composing-installing-managing-rhel-for-edge-images#rolling_back_rhel_for_edge_images

Author: Same comment here as above.
